README.md, before:

# BuddyUp API!

Migration command

- UP (win) knex migrate:latest (mac) npx knex migrate:latest
- DOWN (win) knex migrate:rollback (mac) npx knex migrate:rollback

Seed command (win) knex seed:run (mac) npx knex seed:run

## End Points

### /api/auth/login

POST method for logging in.

Requires username and password in request body.

Responds with auth token.

### /api/auth/refresh

POST method for refreshing auth token.

### /api/users

POST method for registering.

Requires username, name, password, and zip_code of new user in request body.

### /api/user/:id

GET method for fetching user by id

No body required.

Responds with name, username, zip_code, and date_registered of user with given id.

### /api/activities

GET method for fetching list of activities.

Responds with list of all activities by default.

Optional body: zip_code OR user_id.

If given zip_code or user_id, responds with list of activities with matching zip_code or user_id.

If given both zip_code and user_id, only zip_code will be used.

POST method for creating new activities.

Requires body with title string, description string, 5-digit zip_code integer, user_id integer (must exist in users table) start_time string, and end_time string.

### /api/activities/:id

GET method to fetch single activity by activity id.

No body required.

Responds with activity with matching id.

PATCH method to update activity with given id.

Requires body with values to be updated.

Responds with updated activity values

### /api/signups

GET method to fetch list of signups.

Responds with list of all signups by default.

Optional body: activity_id

If activity_id included in body, responds with signups with matching activity_id column values.

activity_id value must be present within "activities" table.

### /api/signups/approved

GET method to fetch list of signups for given activity which have been approved. Primarily for gathering activity attendees.

Requires body with valid activity_id.

Responds with list of all signups with given activity_id column value and "true" is_approved column value.

## GIST:

https://gist.github.com%2FCamdenQ%2F2711c1e9243373e3017c4edcf86099af

## Client repo

https://github.com/thinkful-ei-panda/buddyup-client
https://github.com/thinkful-ei-panda/buddyup-client.git

## API repo

https://github.com/thinkful-ei-panda/buddyup-api
https://github.com/thinkful-ei-panda/buddyup-api.git

## Trello

https://trello.com/b/gnD5pmC0/buddyup

Commit message:

updated README to reflect updated activities endpoint protections

README.md, after:

# BuddyUp API!

Migration command

- UP (win) knex migrate:latest (mac) npx knex migrate:latest
- DOWN (win) knex migrate:rollback (mac) npx knex migrate:rollback

Seed command (win) knex seed:run (mac) npx knex seed:run

## End Points

### /api/auth/login

POST method for logging in.

Requires username and password in request body.

Responds with auth token.

### /api/auth/refresh

POST method for refreshing auth token.

### /api/users

POST method for registering.

Requires username, name, password, and zip_code of new user in request body.

### /api/user/:id

GET method for fetching user by id

No body required.

Responds with name, username, zip_code, and date_registered of user with given id.

### /api/activities

Endpoint protected with Bearer token authentication.

GET method for fetching list of activities owned by user.

- No body required.

- Responds with array of all activities created by the user.

POST method for creating new activities.

- Requires body with title string, description string, start_time string, and end_time string.

- Responds with created activity object

### /api/activities/local

Endpoint protected with Bearer token authentication.

GET method to find activities in user's ZIP code.

- No body required.

- Responds with array of all activities with zip_code fields matching the user's zip_code information.

### /api/activities/:id

Endpoint protected with Bearer token authentication.

GET method to fetch single activity by activity id.

- No body required.

- Responds with activity with matching id.

PATCH method to update activity with given id.

- Requires body with values to be updated.

- Responds with updated activity values

### /api/signups

GET method to fetch list of signups.

- Responds with list of all signups by default.

- Optional body: activity_id

- If activity_id included in body, responds with signups with matching activity_id column values.

- activity_id value must be present within "activities" table.

### /api/signups/approved

GET method to fetch list of signups for given activity which have been approved. Primarily for gathering activity attendees.

- Requires body with valid activity_id.

- Responds with list of all signups with given activity_id column value and "true" is_approved column value.

## GIST:

https://gist.github.com%2FCamdenQ%2F2711c1e9243373e3017c4edcf86099af

## Client repo

https://github.com/thinkful-ei-panda/buddyup-client
https://github.com/thinkful-ei-panda/buddyup-client.git

## API repo

https://github.com/thinkful-ei-panda/buddyup-api
https://github.com/thinkful-ei-panda/buddyup-api.git

## Trello

https://trello.com/b/gnD5pmC0/buddyup
